Questions / Tasks

Q	Treasure Hunt 1	0.5 points
1a	What is the path of the answer to the first clue?
Q	Treasure Hunt 2	0.5 points
2a	What is the path of the answer to the second clue?
Q	Treasure Hunt 3	0.5 points
3a	What is the path of the answer to the third clue?
Q	Treasure Hunt 4	0.5 points
4a	What is the path of the answer to the fourth clue?
Q	Treasure Hunt 5	0.5 points
5a	What is the path of the answer to the fifth clue?
Q	The data-sizes of files and directories occupy a larger space on disk because of padding to storage-block boundaries. The total storage used for a directory tree includes the blocks used to store the directory, and any sub-directories, and any file with a path inside the tree.	1.0 points
6a	How many 1kb blocks are used on the disk to store the tree sandbox/america/ (including any files and sub-directories recursively) ?
6b	What shell command-line did you use?
6c	Optional: any comments on your approach (including any external sources) ?
Q	Compare disk storage size between directory-trees.	1.0 points
7a	Which directory-tree under sandbox/other/ uses the most blocks of storage on the disk?
7b	What shell command-line did you use?
7c	Optional: any comments on your approach (including any external sources) ?
Q	Number of entries (including those hidden by default) in a directory.	1.0 points
8a	How many entries are in directory sandbox/america/other/ ?
8b	What shell command-line did you use?
8c	Optional: any comments on your approach (including any external sources) ?
Q	Number of files in a directory-tree.	1.0 points
9a	How many files are in the directory-tree sandbox/other/ ?
9b	What shell command-line did you use?
9c	Optional: any comments on your approach (including any external sources) ?
Q	Number of directories in a directory-tree.	1.0 points
10a	How many directories are in the directory-tree sandbox/other/ancient/celestialmotion/ ?
10b	What shell command-line did you use?
10c	Optional: any comments on your approach (including any external sources) ?
Q	Number of files of a particular type in a directory-tree.	1.0 points
11a	How many files in the directory-tree sandbox/america/ are ASCII text?
11b	What shell command-line did you use?
11c	Optional: any comments on your approach (including any external sources) ?
Q	A directory at the maximum depth sandbox directory-tree.	1.0 points
12a	What is the path of a directory at the maximum depth of the sandbox/ directory-tree? (There may be files inside it, but there should be no directory in the tree that is deeper).
12b	What shell command-line did you use?
12c	Optional: any comments on your approach (including any external sources) ?
Q	Ordering files in a tree according to date.	1.0 points
13a	What is the path of the oldest file in the directory-tree sandbox/other/ancient/ ? (Hint: you will need to glue find and ls together using xargs)
13b	What shell command-line did you use?
13c	Optional: any comments on your approach (including any external sources) ?
Q	Combined size of files in a directory-tree? (Not the padded disk usage)	1.0 points
14a	How many bytes (in total) are in the files in the directory-tree sandbox/other/ancient/ ? (i.e. add the file sizes together)
14b	What shell command-line did you use?
14c	Optional: any comments on your approach (including any external sources) ?
